# Chapter 1
Drought Of Ideas 
<br>
<br>
<br>

 Hate. All I feel is Hate and sadness. I didn't want it to end this way. I feel empty, hollow like a casket. They brought me in for questioning, but it breaks me to explain all the events that lead up to this. It's like a confessional, and as a kid I always hated the booth. My parents were really religious; I hope they went to heaven. I surely won’t be seeing them. 

      They all point lights at me, exposing my raw disgusting mangled hands. “They're so ugly,” I mutter – they must think I'm crazy. I don't blame them after what I did. I'd think I was a monster too if I saw what I did; outside perspectives are always the most judgemental.

      They offer me water and tell me to recall all the events leading to this, everything from the time I first brushed my teeth. My voice croaky, I speak: “my condition for telling this information is that I must be sentenced to death when I go to court.” They agree, and I try to talk, but I'm suffocating on every word, like there is mist where my lungs should be.

      I take a deep breath and start to explain. “It started around the beginning of the year, when I was trying to curate a new idea for a book. I was in a drought; I couldn't figure out what to write about. Around that time, I was in my home office it was night and I was  thinking…”

      Who knew conjuring ideas for a book was so hard with a topic so niche? Like honestly, how hard is it to get inspiration from a Murderer these days? Because all the cases I've been looking into recently have been SOOOO BORRRINGG UHH.

      It's all just a bunch of middle aged white women killing their abusive husbands. I can't write about this. It's so overwritten and shitty that the story would be such a cop out.

      The only other story that could be interesting would be a play on the recent case I dealt with: the Parasocial guy that stalked an innocent lady and killed her after she brought another man into her house. Though a story similar to that would be kind of interesting, it would never make it past the publishers. Not to mention my readers would most likely pick up on my laziness and lament me for it. They're a judgey bunch.

      Uhhhgg I guess it's the only story I'm gonna get for now unless I wanna write about domestic abuse. Hmmm I could definitely go for a drink right now. How 



<hr>



<br>
<br>
<br>

about I check out the new bar that just opened… Owen's, was it? Yeah, that's the place.

      I headed to the new bar, Owen's, just a few blocks from home. I wasn't expecting much from the place. I went with the expectation of shitty imported whiskey and creepy men staring at the women in the bar, but to my surprise, it was quite welcoming. 

      I was walked up to and greeted at the door by a woman wearing the softest blue sundress with earthy green bracelets running down both arms. She had the brightest smile, one so bewildering and joyous it made my world glow, and hair so blonde and bright it would make the sun jealous. 

      Just her presence radiated a bright aura of positivity, and with all that optimism she gave me with a high pitched, the most enthusiastic “☆Hi Welcome to Owen's!☆ I'm Jennifer. You can call me Jen and I'll be your bartender for today!☆ Come on over and just let me know what I can get for you, Mkay?♡” . I respond in an interesting but confused tone “Do you greet everyone like this all the time? This is like a royal treatment for bars.” 

      She answers”☆No no no I just wanted to try a new approach with the bar, because what's an essential bar experience without a greeting ya know?☆ So you're like, the first☆”.

“OH I see – in that case, you did an amazing job.”

“☆What can I say, I'm just a natural!☆”

“Yeah.”

“☆Welp I'll be at the bar, come over whenever you're ready for a drink. If not, we don't mind people chilling and soaking up the vibes!☆”

      She walked backaway Inching towards the bar with a giddy catwalk . As she walked away, and as I walked into the dimly lit tavernplace my nose wasgot hit with the sweet aromas of vanilla, cinnamon, and pumpkin spice. The walls were linedbar was a dimly lit tavern looking bar with an array of expensive imported expensive drinks, many of them with German and British labels.

      The interior was cozy and its inviting energy immediately put me at ease., it had a bright Fire place at the end of it with a taxidermy Of a bear head above it. All of the interior was wooden – expensive wood it looked like it could have been mahogany All around the bar were posters of vintage superheroes and old classic horror films like Friday the 13th and Tales From the Crypt. 

<hr>


<br>
<br>



     As I  soaked up the bar's atmosphere, I made my way to the counter to order a drink. The bartender handled the drinks very skillfully, but prissily in a way. When it came my time to order, I asked for a “Whiskey Sour please”.

“☆Coming right up for you, Mr.Special!☆”

      At that point, I decided to make an attempt to spark up conversation. I didn't do this often at bars – usually I just take my drink and fuck off into the night – but the bartender was very inviting. I felt welcome to converse.
“Hey, you said your name was Jennifer, right?”

“Yup, that's me!☆”

“And yours is?”

“Jediah. But people call me Jed.”

“OH that's nice. Do you live around here, Jed?”

“Yeah. I live few blocks away, down by Caines. I just needed to unwind and wanted to try a new bar”

“Oh I see. So your a local here?”

“Yep, born and raised in this city.”

“OH that's nice! tThis place is new to me, I just recently moved here.”

“OH that's cool, where do you stay ? If you don't mind me asking… I don't really want to be too nosey, y’know?”

“OH no no you're good, I live here in this very bar with my pa. We moved here to continue the Owen's family business where there were more drinkers. We heard Wisconsin is the home of  cheeses and drinks!☆”.

“You wouldn't be wrong.”

“How do you manage to keep your energy this high for the job?”

“I did lots  of drama and theatre when I was younger, which helps, but really it’s just natural energy. I'm a pretty energetic gal. I like high energy activities and jobs.This job doesn't really require that, but I still like to give it my all!.



<hr>


<br>
<br>
<br>


“Here's your drink!”

“Thank you!.”

“You said you came here to unwind, right?”

“Yeah?”

“Did you have a rough day?”

“Just some problems with work, y’know?”

“Oh I get it.”

“So, where do you work?”

“I'm an author. I’m having some trouble  getting inspo for a new book I wanna write.”

“OH that's really cool, I'm a big reader myself! What genre do you write?”

“I specialize in realistic fiction horror stories, usually inspired by real horrifying events that have happened – and of course, I put my own twist on it.”

“Sounds pretty interesting. I'd love to read one of your books sometime!”

“I could get you a free copy! Can I maybe get your number… or if that's too confidential, do you have any socials ?

“Number is fine! Here ya go, call or text me tonight, mkay?”

“Okay!”

“Can I get the check please?”

“Today it's on the house, just for you Mr.Special ♡.”

“No no no, you don't have to do that for me.”

“I insist ♤.“

<hr>


<br>
<br>
<br>


   I paid anyway and thanked her for the drink, pocketing the slip of paper she handed to me. As I closed the door to my apartment, I got a notification on my phone – my payment at the bar was refunded. Seems like she was really passionate about it being free. 

      I copied her number into my phone.  347-520-3391. I texted right away to make sure the number was real. Pretty girls like that usually fake interest so they don't get kidnapped. I didn't blame them – guys are creeps.

<hr>

347-520-3391

Did i get a fake number?

Nope its Jen in the flesh.

Thats good i was sure i got a fake number i didnt expect An 
actual number ik lots of guys hit on you a day  i Thought i 
probably gave you the creeps or  something idk

No your actually pretty  chill one of the few customers that
Actually bothered to  try and have a conversation.

I just felt welcomed to its not often i do that but 
Your energy is just really inviting wich i appreciate

Well you could have fooled me you seemed pretty talkative
And just naturally extraverted .

Yeah no i usually dont do well in public settings 

I wouldn't have guessed 

Oh yeah i almost forgot send me snippets of your books i can read 
Im actually really interested in seeing your writing style

I was thinking i  just hand you a book tomorrow ill stop by the bar 
Before i go to the gym in the morning thats if your there 


Ill be there in the morning cleaning so 
yepsies im free To receive 

Sounds like aa plan ill see ya!


Okii
<hr>

<br>
<br>
<br>


      After the we exchanged texts with one another i decided to get some writing in before i went to bed i decided to go with the the parasocial kill out of jealousy idea the more i thought about it the more i thought about how i could make it interesting.

      At the time i wanted the story to be focused on a guy who meets a woman at a bookstore the woman is very inviting and the guy is easily intrigued by the woman 
The guy then does his research on the girl stalks her and gets extremely parasocial about her and goes to crazy lengths such as murder in hopes to get in a relationship with her.

     I felt like i was projecting a little bit throughout my writing on how the guy meets the girl. As i was writing i felt as if i was reliving today with jenn it was like i was explaining the same events the only difference was in setting, which had me question if i was obsessed already, i wasnt the crazy parasocial type right?

      I Mean i just met this girl i cant like her already that would be absurd it usually took time for me to build feelings for someone. I was in denial and thought maybe its just my dick talking but it couldn't have been that I didn't feel lustful it was more of a feeling you could only get in elementary, that type of crush where just being close is enough.

      I stopped writing mementos and contemplating if im crushing after one talk and decided i should get some sleep, in hopes that i would clear the love at first sight mind fog i was suffering from, but sleeping didn't help. My dreams were clouded with quality time with jenn. We alternated from cooking to washing dishes then we engrossed ourselves into movies while she snuggled into my arms as we told each other small confessions of love.

      It was pure and vanilla but insane i shouldn't have been feeling this way especially after one interaction i started to think maybe i was a creep but that was another days problem instead of questioning further i just accepted i may be a creep and enjoyed the the little crush i had. It didn't hurt anybody it was harmless so it was best to let it play out tomorrow.


<hr>


#  return to main page link below


<a href="index.md">GO BACK TO MAIN PAGE</a>
